Skip to content
Features
Business
Explore
Marketplace
Pricing

Search

Sign in or Sign up
4,583 44,410 13,750 laravel/laravel
 Code  Pull requests 1  Projects 0  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 28 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

A PHP framework for web artisans https://laravel.com
php
framework
laravel
 5,672 commits
 9 branches
 84 releases
 449 contributors
 PHP 95.9%	 HTML 3.4%	 Vue 0.7%
 @taylorotwell
taylorotwell compile
Latest commit 5da2d13  14 hours ago
app	Adding boilerplate maintenance middleware with excepted URIs array	8 days ago
bootstrap	Remove extra autoload file	a year ago
config	Set bcrypt rounds using the hashing config	3 months ago
database	update comment	4 months ago
public	compile	14 hours ago
resources	update font and colors	15 hours ago
routes	Move broadcast channel registration to a routes file.	2 years ago
storage	ignore testing dir	a year ago
tests	Set bcrypt rounds using the hashing config	3 months ago
.editorconfig	Add .editorconfig file	2 months ago
.env.example	change env example	6 months ago
.gitattributes	Ignore changelog in export	a year ago
.gitignore	Add VSCode to gitignore file	6 months ago
CHANGELOG.md	add release notes for v5.6.7 and v5.6.12	2 months ago
artisan	fix conflicts	a year ago
composer.json	Use semver caret operator	5 months ago
package.json	Simplify the npm watch command	4 months ago
phpunit.xml	Switch execution order of testsuites, unit tests first	a month ago
readme.md	add sponsor	20 days ago
server.php	Update server.php email address	2 years ago
webpack.mix.js	Update webpack.mix.js	a year ago
 readme.md


Build Status Total Downloads Latest Stable Version License

About Laravel
Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as:

Simple, fast routing engine.
Powerful dependency injection container.
Multiple back-ends for session and cache storage.
Expressive, intuitive database ORM.
Database agnostic schema migrations.
Robust background job processing.
Real-time event broadcasting.
Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing tools needed for large, robust applications.

Learning Laravel
Laravel has the most extensive and thorough documentation and video tutorial library of any modern web application framework, making it a breeze to get started learning the framework.

If you're not in the mood to read, Laracasts contains over 1100 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, JavaScript, and more. Boost the skill level of yourself and your entire team by digging into our comprehensive video library.

Laravel Sponsors
We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for helping fund on-going Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel Patreon page:

Vehikl
Tighten Co.
Kirschbaum Development Group
Cubet Techno Labs
British Software Development
UserInsights
Fragrantica
SOFTonSOFA
User10
Soumettre.fr
CodeBrisk
1Forge
TECPRESSO
Runtime Converter
WebL'Agence
Invoice Ninja
iMi digital
Contributing
Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the Laravel documentation.

Security Vulnerabilities
If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

License
The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the MIT license.

? 2018 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
API
Training
Shop
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.